OK
Kill them in front of you ah ah ah
Father and sister
These overreaching things
If I don't kill you today
Please Li Nanrong
As long as you don't kill me
I'll tell you the secret of the Three Treasures
What three treasures have a secret
The secret to the Three Treasures is
Let go of the moon
moon
Why are you fighting for me?
Morning brother
Since you rescued me
I swore
I must marry you
Yu'er
You hold on.
I beg someone to save you
Jiang Junkai Jiang Junkai
Jiang Junkai
Jinhu talisman is one of the protections of Western medicine
I gave it to you.
The game and its final one
You can return to the dragon
Yueer, but I can't go back with you.
Yue'er, you will not die, you will definitely die
I didn't expect you to do it for me
To this point
Remnant brother
Can you promise me one last thing?